IS NOW FOUR O'CLOCK
EASTERN TIME ON WEDNESDAY,
JANUARY 15TH, SO I WOULD LIKE
TO CALL THIS MEETING FOR THE
ENTIRE COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES TO ORDER.
I DO APOLOGIZE TO THE VIEWERS.
I WILL NOT BE ON CAMERA TODAY.
MY CAMERA HAS BEEN UNSTABLE DUE
TO CONSTRUCTION AND OTHER
OUTDOOR THINGS GOING ON NEAR MY
APARTMENT BUILDING.
SO MY CONNECTION HAS BEEN
UNSTABLE AND SO I'M LEAVING THE
CAMERA OFF FOR THE GOOD
OF BANDWIDTH THIS AFTERNOON.
JUST SO THE VIEWERS KNOW, THIS
MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST LIVE
ON C10 CABLE CHANNEL 16 AT
CHANNEL NINETY NINE AND ONLINE
AT EIGHT TO WATCH C10 TO SPEAK
AT PUBLIC COMMENTS DURING THAT
TIME PLEASE CALL TOLL FREE
EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE
THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN OR
EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT
EIGHT ZERO ZERO NINE NINE AND
INTER MEETING IN NINE ONE NINE
EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR
FIVE FIVE.
WITH THAT WE NOW MOVE ON TO
ROLL CALL SO KENNEDY WILL GO
AHEAD AND CALL ROLL CALL WHEN
YOUR NAME IS CALLED PLEASE
UNMUTED STATE YOUR POSITION AND
WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM THIS
AFTERNOON KENNEDY AND KUZAK WE
WILL START WITH YOU CHAIR DAMAN
OH THANK YOU.
GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE AND
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
THIS IS ZACH DAMON COMING FROM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> WASHTENAW COUNTY.
I'M THE CHAIRMAN.
THANK YOU.
>> I SHARE WITH AND FROM ANN
ARBOR AND HAPPY NEW YEAR AGAIN.
IT'S THE RIGHT TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE WONDERFUL COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ.
>> YES, HELLO.
THIS COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
AFTER YOU SOLOMON COMMISSIONER
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
.
>> COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE.
GOOD AFTERNOON, EVERYBODY.
>> ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE
,GOOD AFTERNOON.
THE COMMISSIONER ROSNY TO
RATCLIFFE CALLING IN FROM A
VERY COLD ANN ARBOR EQIP
COMMISSIONER PACARD
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS PLANO
CHAMBERS COMMISSIONER CALLING
IN FROM ANN RAMISH, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER BEWES
BY COMMISSIONER AL-ARABIA IS
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
ANKOMAH COMMISSIONER COUMARIN.
>> HELLO AND HAPPY NEW YEAR
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR.
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER CONRADE
AND COUNCIL MEMBER GARCELON I
EVERYONE COUNCIL MEMBER AZY
EDWYN CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU.
THAT'S ROCKHALL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH KENNEDY AND
AGAIN WELCOME EVERYONE.
NEXT WE GO TO THE PUBLIC
COMMENT PORTION OF OUR AGENDA.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANYBODY ON
PUBLIC COMMENT THIS AFTERNOON
IS LIMITED TO THREE MINUTES PER
SPEAKER KENNEDY DO WE HAVE
ANYONE ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT
THIS AFTERNOON?
>> THIS TIME WE HAVE NO ONE ON
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
THANK YOU.
NO ONE ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT
AND THAT CASE WILL MOVE TO THE
NEXT POINT IN THE AGENDA WHICH
IS GOING TO BE THE APPROVAL
OF TODAY'S AGENDA.
ALL COMMISSIONERS AND ALL
INTERESTED SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED
A COPY OF THE AGENDA PREVIOUS
TO THE MEETING AND IT IS ALSO
POSTED ONLINE AT REGISTAR.
SO IF ANY OF YOU WANT A COPY
OF THE AGENDA, FEEL FREE.
IF YOU DID NOT RECEIVE A COPY
OF TODAY'S AGENDA, PLEASE LET
US KNOW WHEN WE CAN GET YOU A
COPY AT THIS TIME.
WITH THAT SAID, I'D LIKE TO
MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE
TODAY'S AGENDA ALSO.
>> ALL RIGHT.
VICE CHAIR MOVES TO APPROVE IS
THERE A SECOND AND SECOND?
ALL RIGHT.
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE SECONDS
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S AGENDA FOR JANUARY 15TH
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I.
>> I SAY ALL RIGHT YOU GUYS THE
AGENDA FOR TODAY IS APPROVED.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT.
NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE TO THE
APPROVAL OF THE MEETING MINUTES
ACTUALLY FROM DECEMBER 18TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR OF COURSE
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE IN
TODAY'S AGENDA AND ALSO HAVE
BEEN POSTED ONLINE AS WELL.
IF ANY OF YOU DID NOT RECEIVE A
COPY OF THAT, PLEASE LET US
KNOW WHEN WE CAN GET YOU A
COPY.
BUT WITH THAT, IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MINUTES
FROM DECEMBER 18TH?
THIS IS KATHLEEN OUR MOTION TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA FROM
DECEMBER 18TH.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, KATHLEEN.
OK, I'M SORRY.
>> GO AHEAD.
IS THERE A SECOND OK?
>> I DID ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YEAH.
>> THANK YOU VICE CHAIRMAN.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT.
SO VICE CHAIRMAN KILAR SECONDS
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING THE
MEETING MINUTES FROM DECEMBER
18TH, PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I
AY AY AY.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS, THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
DECEMBER ARE APPROVED.
MOVING NOW TO THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATION PORTION OF OUR
AGENDA.
FIRST UP, I WANTED TO PUBLICLY
WELCOME AND CONGRATULATE ANIKA
CONRAD, OUR NEWEST APPROVED
COMMISSIONER ON THE COMMISSION
.
VERY EXCITED TO HAVE MR. CONRAD
ON WITH US COMMISSIONER CONRAD
RATHER AND I GO THE FLOOR IS
YOURS IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SAY
A FEW WORDS TO OUR COMMISSION
TODAY.
>> WELCOME.
SO SHE'S NOT HERE.
OH, GOT IT.
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.
OK, SO WITH THAT I DO APOLOGIZE
FOLKS.
SO IT TURNS IT APPEARS THAT
COMMISSIONER CONRAD IS NOT
PRESENT FOR THAT INTRODUCTION.
KENNEDY I'M JUST CURIOUS I JUST
WANTED TO KNOW DID YOU END UP
UM DID SHE NOTIFY YOU
PREVIOUSLY THAT SHE WAS NOT
ATTENDING?
>> NO, I RECEIVED NO
NOTIFICATIONS FROM ANY
COMMISSIONERS STATING THAT THEY
WOULDN'T ATTEND TODAY.
>> OK, ROGER THAT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WELL, I WILL DEFINITELY CHECK
WITH COMMISSIONER CONRAD AND
PROPOSED MEETING AND MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING IS OK FOR THE
VIEWERS.
I DO APOLOGIZE AND FOR
COMMISSIONER CONRAD, WHEREVER
YOU MAY BE ON THIS COLD COLD
WEDNESDAY, I HOPE YOU ARE OK
AND WE ARE GLAD TO HAVE YOU ON
THE COMMISSION.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO OUR SPECIAL
PRESENTATION PORTION.
WE HAVE THE WASHTENAW LIBRARY
FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED WITH KATIE
MIENTKIEWICZ.
>> KATIE, WELCOME.
THANK YOU.
THANKS FOR HAVING ME AS USUAL.
I HAVE A COUPLE OF THINGS TO
SHARE WITH YOU TODAY.
GOT SOME UPCOMING EVENTS COMING
UP AT THE LIBRARY, SOME REALLY
FUN ONES THIS MONTH WE HAVE
MAKING YOUR FIRST DOCUMENTARY
OR NEXT MONTH RATHER THIS ONE'S
GOING TO BE ON TUESDAY,
FEBRUARY 4TH FROM SIX TO SEVEN
THIRTY PM AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY.
DONALD HARRISON, DIRECTOR
OF WELCOME TO COMMY.
HI AND CO-FOUNDER OF EFFI
INDEPENDENT FILM FESTIVAL
YPSILANTI WILL GUIDE YOU
THROUGH THE PROCESS OF MAKING
YOUR FIRST DOCUMENTARY DRAWING
ON DECADES OF FILMMAKING
EXPERIENCE.
HARRISON WILL OFFER SUGGESTIONS
FOR EACH STAGE OF PRODUCING A
MOVIE FROM CONCEPTION TO
DISTRIBUTION.
HE'LL ALSO SHARE PERSONAL
STORIES OF MAKING MOVIES AND
VIDEO CLIPS THROUGHOUT THE TALK
WE ALSO HAVE THE CALL OF THE
VOID LEARN HOW TO PODCAST WITH
JOZI AND MICHAEL HERMAN THAT
WILL BE ON FRIDAY FEBRUARY
SEVEN SIX THIRTY TO SEVEN
THIRTY AT THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY
LEARN ABOUT PODCASTING FROM
JOSE ELI HERMANN AND MICHAEL
ALLEN HIRMAND AWARD WINNING DUO
BEHIND THE CALL OF THE VOID
SCIENCE FICTION PODCAST AND
SILVER TONGS AND AN ACTION
ADVENTURE AUDIO DRAMA WITH A
SUMMER BLOCKBUSTER FEEL THEY
WILL SHARE THEIR EXPERIENCE
USING THE PODCAST FORMAT TO
TELL CINEMATIC STORIES, TELL
STORIES ABOUT THEIR PROCESS AND
ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS ABOUT
STORYTELLING WITH PODCASTS,
CROWDFUNDING AND HOW TO BUILD
AN AUDIENCE FOR YOUR OWN
INDEPENDENT PODCAST.
AND THE LIBRARY DOES INTEND TO
PROVIDE A LIVE STREAM OF THIS
EVENT PENDING THE PRESENTERS
PERMISSION.
SO JUST CHECK OUR EVENT PAGE ON
OUR WEBSITE CLOSER TO THE EVENT
FOR ADDITIONAL UPDATES FOR THAT
.
AND THEN FINALLY WE HAVE
EXPLORING OF MIND HOW SHOULD WE
THINK ABOUT MENTAL ILLNESS AND
THIS IS GOING TO BE ON MONDAY,
FEBRUARY 10TH AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY FROM SIX TO SEVEN
P.M.
SINCE 1980 THE OFFICIAL SYSTEM
FOR HOW WE DIAGNOSE MENTAL
ILLNESS HAS REMAINED LARGELY
UNCHANGED.
THAT'S CLOSE TO FIFTY YEARS
WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT
RECONSIDERATION OF HOW WE
SHOULD CONCEPTUALIZE A MAJOR
DOMAIN OF MEDICINE IN
PARTICULAR THE DIAGNOSTIC
SYSTEM WE CURRENTLY HAVE THESE
MENTAL DISORDERS AS SOMETHING
YOU EITHER HAVE OR DON'T AND
THAT ARE DISTINCT FROM EACH
OTHER.
RESEARCH DOESN'T SUPPORT THIS
VIEW.
THIS TALK WILL INTRODUCE A
MODERN PERSPECTIVE ON THE
STRUCTURE AND ORGANIZATION
OF MENTAL ILLNESS BASED ON
MATHEMATICAL MODELING
OF PATTERNS OF DIAGNOSES AND
SYMPTOMS AND SHOW HOW IT DOES A
BETTER JOB OF EXPLAINING THINGS
LIKE GENETICS, RESPONSES TO
TREATMENTS AND LINKS TO
PERSONALITY.
THIS EVENT IS IN PARTNERSHIP
WITH THE DEPARTMENT
OF PSYCHOLOGY AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
SO MOVING ON TO MATERIALS AS
USUAL WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE
BLIND AND DISABLED PATRONS CAN
ORDER THEIR DIGITAL CARTRIDGES
OR OTHER BOOKS BY CALLING US AT
SEVEN, THREE, FOUR, THREE, TWO
SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO FOUR OR YOU
CAN ALWAYS EMAIL US AT W.L. BE
PD AT ADLE DOT ORG AND THEN WE
ENCOURAGE OUR PATRONS AND
PEOPLE WHO ARE POTENTIALLY OUR
PATRONS TO SIGN UP FOR THE
BRAILLE AND AUDIO READING
SERVICE WHICH WE CALL BAADE.
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
ON DEMAND.
YOU CAN VISIT ANNALISE'S BAR
L.L.C. GRV FOR AN APPLICATION
OR YOU CAN CALL US AND WE CAN
HELP YOU WITH THAT OVER THE
PHONE AND THERE ARE SOME BOOKS
THAT HAVE BEEN RECENTLY ADDED
TO BARS THAT WILL HIGHLIGHT FOR
YOU.
THE FIRST ONE IS CALLED THE
WILD LIFE YEAR HOW TO RECONNECT
WITH NATURE AND EVERY SEASON BY
SALLY COULTHART.
THE WILDLIFE HERE WILL HELP YOU
RECONNECT WITH NATURE AND TAKE
A WALK ON THE WILD SIDE
WHEREVER YOU LIVE.
NATURE IS RIGHT ON YOUR
DOORSTEP WHETHER YOU'RE IN THE
COUNTRYSIDE CITY OR SOMEWHERE
IN BETWEEN THERE IS WILDLIFE
EVERYWHERE IF YOU KNOW WHERE TO
LOOK AND WHILE IT'S TRICKIER TO
FIND IN SOME PLACES THAN
OTHERS, NATURE CAN THRIVE IN
THE MOST SURPRISING SPACES THE
WILDLIFE HERE IS A GENTLE
INTRODUCTION TO THE EVENTS THAT
MARK THE NATURAL CYCLE OF THE
YEAR.
BEST SELLING AUTHOR SALLY
COULTHART WILL INSPIRE YOU TO
DISCOVER NATURE IN ALL ITS
GLORY AND TO SEEK OUT, OBSERVE
AND ENJOY THE WILDLIFE AROUND
YOU.
EXPLORE THE UNIQUE PROPERTIES
OF THE SEASONS, DISCOVER MORE
ABOUT METEOROLOGICAL PHENOMENA
LIKE WEATHER EVENTS AND CLOUD
FORMATIONS AND EVEN LEARN HOW
THE MOON IN ITS CYCLE AFFECTS
THE NATURAL WORLD.
THIS FASCINATING INTRODUCTION
WILL HELP YOU IDENTIFY BOTH OUR
BEST LOVED AND MOST
MISUNDERSTOOD PLANTS BIRDS,
MAMMALS, AMPHIBIANS AND INSECTS
WITH HELPFUL INFORMATION ON
WHERE AND WHEN TO LOOK FOR THEM
AND LASTLY I HAVE THE SMALL AND
THE MIGHTY TWELVE UNSUNG
AMERICANS WHO CHANGED THE
COURSE OF HISTORY FROM THE
FOUNDING TO THE CIVIL RIGHTS
MOVEMENT BY SHARON MCMAHON FROM
AMERICA'S FAVORITE GOVERNMENT
TEACHER A HEARTFELT INSPIRING
PORTRAIT OF TWELVE ORDINARY
AMERICANS WHOSE COURAGE FORMED
THE CHARACTER OF OUR COUNTRY IN
THE SMALL AND THE MIGHTY SHARON
MCMAHON PROVES THAT THE MOST
REMARKABLE AMERICANS ARE OFTEN
ORDINARY PEOPLE WHO DIDN'T MAKE
IT INTO THE TEXTBOOKS NOT THE
PRESIDENTS BUT THE TELEPHONE
OPERATORS, NOT THE ARISTOCRATS
BUT THE SCHOOLTEACHERS.
THROUGH METICULOUS RESEARCH SHE
DISCOVERS HISTORY'S UNSUNG
CHARACTERS AND BRINGS THEIR
RICH RIVETING STORIES TO LIGHT.
FOR THE FIRST TIME YOU'LL MEET
A WOMAN ASTRIDE A WHITE HORSE
RIDING DOWN PENNSYLVANIA
AVENUE.
A YOUNG BOY DETAINED AT A
JAPANESE INCARCERATION CAMP, A
FORMERLY ENSLAVED WOMAN ON A
MISSION TO REUNITE WITH HER
DAUGHTER, A POET ON A TRAIN AND
A TEACHER WHO LEARNS TO WORK
WITH HER ENEMIES.
MORE THAN ONE THING IS BOMBED
AND MULTIPLE PEOPLE
SURPRISINGLY BECOME RICH SOME
RICH WITH MONEY AND SOME
WEALTHY WITH THINGS THAT MATTER
MORE.
THIS IS A BOOK ABOUT WHAT
REALLY MADE AMERICA AND
AMERICANS GREAT.
MCMAHON'S CAST OF IMPROBABLE
CHAMPIONS WILL BECOME FAMILIAR
FRIENDS LIGHTING THE PATH WE
JOURNEY AND OUR QUEST TO MAKE
THE WORLD MORE JUST PEACEFUL,
GOOD AND FREE AND THAT IS ALL
THAT I HAVE FOR YOU TODAY.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
OR COMMENTS FOR ME?
>> THIS IS ZACK.
FIRST OF WHAT A CLOSING
PRESENTATION THIS SMALL AND THE
MIGHTY EVERYONE BY SHANNON
MCMAHON.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT ALL OF YOU
BUT AFTER THAT DESCRIPTION I'M
GOING TO CHECK OUT THAT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THAT'S REALLY, REALLY NEAT.
SEEMS LIKE A GOOD ONE.
>> I AGREE.
YEAH.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
AND THEN JUST WANTED TO GIVE A
QUICK SHOUT OUT TO THE HARBOR
DISTRICT LIBRARY TO MY GOOD
COLLEAGUE DONALD HARRISON TO
ELI EVERYBODY WHAT A GREAT
WORKSHOP THAT'S GOING TO BE ON
FEBRUARY 4TH BY LOCAL FILMMAKER
DONALD HARRISON CARMINI GREAT
FILM.
SO HOPE EVERYBODY CAN ALSO MAKE
IT OUT TO THAT AS WELL.
GREAT JOB TO EVERYBODY.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY COMMENTS
OR QUESTIONS FOR KATIE?
THIS IS ROSNY OR ANY OF THESE
GOING TO BE RE RECORDED LIKE
THE ONE LIKE THE THE
DOCUMENTARY ONE OR THE PODCAST
ONE?
>> THE POTENTIALLY THE PODCAST
ONE BECAUSE WE WE ARE HOPEFULLY
PROVIDING A LIVE STREAM AND
SOMETIMES WHEN WE DO THAT WE
CAN PROVIDE A RECORDING
DEPENDING ON THE WHAT THE
PRESENTER ALLOWS US TO DO.
>> SO I WOULD TAKE A LOOK LOOK
OUT FOR THAT ONE.
OK SO JUST KEEP AN EYE ON THE
WEBSITE.
>> YEAH.
AND OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL IS A
GREAT PLACE TO LOOK FOR THOSE
THINGS AS WELL.
OK, THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS
FOR KATIE AT THIS TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL AS ALWAYS THANK YOU SO
MUCH KATIE AND YEAH, SHAMELESS
PLUG IF YOU GUYS HAVEN'T BEEN
TO THE DOWNTOWN WASHINGTON
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND PRINT
DISABLED RIGHT DOWNTOWN ANN
ARBOR, PLEASE GET A CHANCE TO
CHECK IT OUT AND YEAH.
LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW
ALL THEIR YOUTUBE AND SOCIALS.
>> THEY'RE DOING SOME GREAT
WORK I THINK SUBSECOND.
>> THANKS EVERYBODY FOR HAVING
ME.
IT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO BE HERE.
ABSOLUTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW MONROE AND LIVINGSTON
PRESENTATION BY ANDREA HENRY
AND VERY GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I WANT TO HIGHLIGHT A FEW
EVENTS AS WE WELCOME TWENTY
TWENTY FIVE FIRST ONE BEING
THEATER B FOR WINTER TWENTY
TWENTY FIVE CLASSES ARE GOING
VIRTUAL FOR THE WINTER.
JOIN US FOR OUR THIRD WINTER
OF SELF-EXPRESSION, SILLINESS
AND FRIENDSHIP FOR THE
DISABILITY NETWORK THEATER
PROGRAM EACH ONE OF OUR CLASS
WILL FOCUS ON EASY TO LEARN
GAMES, THEATER EXERCISES, TEAM
WORKS AND VIDEOS FROM
PROFESSIONAL STAGE PRODUCTIONS
PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS THOSE
LOOKING TO LEARN THEATER ARTS
IN A SUPPORTIVE WARM
ENVIRONMENT NO REGISTRATION
REQUIRED COME EVERY WEEK OR
WHENEVER IT FITS INTO YOUR
SCHEDULE THAT STARTS TOMORROW
THURSDAY STARTING TOMORROW
JANUARY 16TH FROM FIVE THIRTY
TO SIX THIRTY ZUM
NEW LIFE
SKILLS LAB UNLOCKED DISABILITY
NETWORK WANTS TO SUPPORT YOU IN
MEETING YOUR GOALS, LEARNING TO
LIVE INDEPENDENTLY AND BUILDING
LIFE SKILLS.
WE ARE FOSTERING A COMMUNITY
THAT WORKS TOGETHER AND
ENCOURAGE TO JOIN US AT LEAST
ONCE A MONTH TO LEARN FROM
STAFF, SPECIAL GUESTS AND EACH
OTHER.
THIS IS EVERY OTHER TUESDAY
STARTED YESTERDAY FROM TWO TO
THREE P.M. WE ASSUME I'LL GIVE
MORE INFORMATION ON HOW TO GET
MORE INFORMATION ON ALL
OF THESE EVENTS IN JUST A
MINUTE.
AND VIRTUAL MOVIE CLUB WATCH A
MOVIE THEN CHAT WITH FRIENDS,
BEAT THE STAY AT HOME BLUES AND
JOIN DISABILITY NETWORK'S
VIRTUAL MOVIE CLUB.
EACH WEEK WE PLAN TO WATCH A
MOVIE ON YOUR OWN TIME AND THEN
WE WILL GET TOGETHER VIRTUALLY
TO HAVE SOME FUN DISCUSSION,
PREPARE FOR TRIVIA AND THOUGHT
PROVOKING QUESTIONS AND LOTS
OF LAUGHS.
COMING ATTRACTIONS INCLUDE
STARTING TOMORROW BAD BOYS ON
JANUARY TWENTY THIRD BAD BOYS
TO JANUARY 30TH BAD BOYS FOR
LIFE THURSDAY STARTING TOMORROW
JANUARY 16TH FROM FOUR TO FIVE
P.M. ALSO US VNU AND FINALLY
NEW A WINTER WONDERLAND FEST
FOR INDIVIDUALS EIGHTEEN PLUS
TO A COMMITTED TO ATTEND THE
COMMUNITYWIDE MIXER SURROUNDING
A CELEBRATION OF WINTER.
THE EVENT WILL HAVE A HOT COCOA
BAR AND A SPICE AND SPICED
CIDER AS AN ALTERNATIVE DRINK
FOR FOLKS TO ENJOY.
THERE WILL ALSO BE GAMES
OF SNOWY BINGO AND WINTER
THEMED TRIVIA SNACKS PROVIDED
GOOD COMPANY TO CHAT WITH JUST
A GOOD SOCIAL RECREATIONAL
ACTIVITY FOR FOLKS TO TO GET
OUT OF THE HOUSE AND COME TO
ENJOY.
AND THAT IS ON FEBRUARY THE 4TH
FROM FORT 6PM.
THAT IS AN IN-PERSON EVENT AT
OUR WASHTENAW OFFICE TO LEARN
MORE ABOUT ANY OF THESE EVENTS
YOU CAN VISIT OUR WEBSITE AT
PNW EMELLE DOT ORG OR GIVE OUR
OFFICE A CALL AT SEVEN THREE
FOUR NINE SEVEN ONE ZERO TWO
SEVEN SEVEN OR EMAIL INFO AT
THE END WMO DOT OR THAT'S ALL I
HAVE TODAY UNLESS ANYBODY HAS
ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT ANY
OF THOSE EVENTS
HEY THIS IS OK.
>> I JUST WANTED TO SAY FIRST
OF ALL LIFESKILLS EVERY
THURSDAY THAT SOUNDS AWESOME
AND THEN VIRTUAL MOVIE CLUB AND
WINTER WONDERLAND I MEAN COME
ON GUYS.
HOW COULD YOU NOT WANT TO GO TO
ALL THOSE GREAT EVENTS?
I DON'T KNOW.
SO QUICK QUESTION FOR THE
WINTER WONDERLAND EVENT.
ANDREA.
I MEAN THERE'S GOING TO BE
THEY'RE GOING TO BE ANY
MARSHMALLOWS AT THIS HOT
CHOCOLATE STATION.
I CAN IMAGINE THERE WOULDN'T BE
DOESN'T IT DOESN'T SEEM LIKE
YOU KNOW, CAN'T HAVE HOT COCOA
WITHOUT MARSHMALLOWS.
RIGHT?
I WELL I WILL MAKE SURE TO PUT
THAT IN THAT REQUEST IN TO THE
STAFF WHO ARE FACILITATING THAT
EVENT.
OK, IT SOUNDS GOOD.
>> ANY QUESTIONS FOR ANDREA?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH TO THE
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW.
I'M ANDREA LIVINGSTON FOR ALL
THEIR GREAT PROGRAMING FOR ALL
THE THINGS THAT THEY DO FOR OUR
COMMUNITY AND AS THEY SAID,
PLEASE GO FREE TO CHECK OUT
THEIR WEBSITE AT DENHA DENHA W
MELLBERG FOR MORE INFORMATION.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, ANDREA.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT WITH
LARRY KILER.
LARRY, THE FLOOR IS YOURS ALSO
FOR THE MONTH BECAUSE WE HAD
TECHNOLOG ISSUES AND BY THE
TIME WE WOULD HAVE BEEN
RESOLVED IT WAS TOO LATE FOR
THE MEETING AND WE FIGURED THAT
WELL I FIGURED THAT WE'D
MEETING A COUPLE OF DAYS ANYWAY
AND WAS GOING TO COMING TO THE
COMMISSION AND BUT COULD
RACKETBALL HE HAD A SUGGESTION
ABOUT INTERACTING AND GETTING
THE SAME FEEDBACK FROM THE
COMMUNITY.
THAT'S A SOMETHING THAT WITH
THE COMMUNITY SO WE COULD
INTERACT MORE DIRECTLY WITH THE
COMMUNITY AND GET SOME FEEDBACK
FROM THE COMMUNITY AND ON WHAT
WHAT THEY WOULD LIKE US TO BE
DOING AND THAT KIND OF THING.
BUT WE DIDN'T DISCUSS IT YET.
SO IF COMMISSIONER CAMPBELL
WANTS TO BRING IT UP LATER ON
OUR OTHER NEW BUSINESS OR IF
YOU HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT IT NOW,
I GUESS YOU COULD DO THAT.
WE WILL HAVE OUR NEXT MEETING
SCHEDULED ON THE SAME SECOND
THURSDAY OF THE MONTH AND
HOPEFULLY THE TECHNOLOGY
EVERYTHING IS ALL RIGHT AND
EVERYBODY PEOPLE ARE ABLE TO
ATTEND.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
APPRECIATE IT.
I THINK YEAH, WE CAN WAIT UNTIL
NEW BUSINESS FOR FOR THAT
DISCUSSION.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I DO APPRECIATE NEXT I'D LIKE
TO MOVE ON TO COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT KENNEDY I DON'T
THINK WE HAVE COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS ON WITH US THIS
AFTERNOON.
>> COMMISSIONER HAWKINS IS HERE
NOW.
OK, SO YOU JACK I WELCOME THE
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, THANKS.
SO KIND OF LIKE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS I SPOKE WITH MOST ON THE
ABOUT IN OUR INCLUSIVE THEY
DON'T HAVE AN UPDATE YET.
THEY'RE STILL WORKING ON
BOOKING THEIR UPCOMING SHOWS
AND WILL GIVE US AN UPDATE ONCE
THEY HAVE ONE TO PROVIDE.
SO I DON'T HAVE ANY NEWS FROM
THEM BUT I'M SURE ESPECIALLY
AROUND THE NEW YEAR THAT
THERE'S BEEN A LOT GOING ON AT
C10 SO HOPEFULLY WE'LL HAVE
UPDATES SOON.
>> HEY, THANK YOU SO MUCH AND
SORRY COMMISSIONER HAWKINS,
JUST FOR THE RECORD, DO YOU
MIND JUST LETTING US KNOW WHERE
YOU'RE COMING FROM TODAY.
>> COMMISSIONER HAWKINS COMING
FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU.
JUST DOWN THE STREET DOWN THE
STREET FROM LARRY.
>> WE'RE NEIGHBORS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
BEFORE WE CONTINUE, THERE'S
SOMEONE ON AS I PHONE.
I JUST NEED TO VERIFY IF THAT'S
COMMISSIONER PACKARD.
>> OK, MR. PROCESSES,
COMMISSIONER PARKER COMING TO
YOU FROM SAN FRANCISCO BAY
AREA, CALIFORNIA JUST GOT AN
APPOINTMENT HERE THAT I HAD TO
ATTEND.
>> THANK YOU.
GOT IT.
WELCOME COMMISSIONER PACKARD
AND THANK YOU COMING IN TO
CHANGE YOUR NAME IN THE GROUP.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU KENNEDY OK.
YEAH WELCOME.
WELCOME ROBIN.
GLAD TO HEAR THAT YOUR SAFE AND
SOUND IN THE BAY AREA AND
HOPEFULLY EVERYTHING.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK I NEXT MOVING ON LARRY
DON'T GO ANYWHERE BECAUSE WE
NEED YOU TO REPORT ON
RECRUITING ACTIVITY OR
RECRUITING ACTIVITY.
HAVE YOU HEARD ALL I'VE HEARD
WE REVIEW ANY APPLICATION THAT
RECEIVED ANY THAT I KNOW OF AND
THAT WAS APPROVED YESTERDAY FOR
AND THAT'S ABOUT ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
BUT YOU KNOW, DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE I DO HAVE A QUESTION
FOR YOU.
I WAS WONDERING IF YOU COULD
ALSO REPORT ON THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE FOR US ALL OF YOU A
POSSIBILITY.
OK, ALTHOUGH TODAY'S COMMITTEE
A LOT OF WHAT WE DID WAS ADDED
A YEAR STOP.
YOU KNOW, WE APPROVED OUR
CONTENT AGENDA ITEMS.
WE OUR NEXT YEAR WITH AGENDA WE
APPROVED OUR OUR CALENDAR.
>> WE APPROVED AND UNDER UNDER
UPDATES WE HAD A LOT OF SAFE
UPDATES ABOUT AND THERE ARE
SOME THERE WERE THREE POINT
FIVE MILLION OR THREE POINT
EIGHTY ONE DOLLARS FOR THE NEXT
FOUR YEARS THAT WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE PUT INTO SAFE STREET
CONSTRUCTION.
AND SO WE'VE GOT TO USE THAT
FOR YOU MAKING SAFE STREETS AND
YOU SPEED TABLES IN CURB CUTS
AND ALL THAT STUFF.
>> THAT'S WHAT THAT'S AND THEN
YOU YOU GAVE US THE TECHNOLOGY
REPORT AND THEY'RE DEVELOPING
ALL KINDS OF BETTER
COMMUNICATION, BETTER
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN DIFFERENT
TRANSPORTATION NETWORKS SO THAT
IT'S GOING TO MAKE IT EASIER TO
AVOID OTHER VEHICLES TO CATCH
OUR VEHICLES IN THAT SORT
OF THING.
THEY'RE REALLY WORKING ON
MAKING THE CARS AND COMPUTERS
FOR THE MUCH SMARTER SO THAT
THEY'RE WELL AWARE THAT WE LOOK
AT AN ANNUAL REPORT AND THAT
WAS THAT MEETING AND THE NEXT
MEETING IS TONIGHT AT 7:00 P.M.
AND THAT THURSDAY MEETING AND
IT ALSO IS ON QUIN I WILL BE
ATTENDING THAT THING TO OK.
THANK YOU LARRY.
I DO APPRECIATE ALL YOUR HELP
WITH THAT AND GOOD LUCK WITH
THE MEETING TONIGHT IF THERE
ISN'T ANYTHING ELSE OR ANY
QUESTIONS FOR LARRY ON THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE, WE'RE GOING TO MOVE
FORWARD WITH THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
WITH COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
MATTHEW.
I SAID THE COMMISSION WAS THE
COUNCIL RATHER WAS MEANT TO
MEET YESTERDAY AT THAT MEETING
WAS CANCELED.
SO THERE WAS NO MEETING THIS
MONTH, NOTHING TO REPORT.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
AND THANK YOU FOR ALL THE WORK
THAT YOU HAVE.
A COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS CONTINUES TO DO HOPE
EVERYTHING IS OK THERE AND
HOPEFULLY THEY CAN RESUME
ACTION WHEN THEY SEE FIT.
THANK YOU.
NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO THE
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY REPORT
WITH CITY THE CITY COORDINATOR
MISS TRACY BYRD AND SHE IS NOT
HERE WITH US TODAY AND THERE'S
NO UPDATE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, KENNEDY.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT I'M NEXT
WE ACTUALLY MOVE ON TO THE CITY
PERSONNEL REPORT WITH KENNEDY.
HI EVERYBODY.
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
I'VE MISSED YOU ALL.
I HOPE YOU ALL CAN TELL AS
OF RIGHT NOW THERE ARE NO CITY
PERSONNEL UPDATES SINCE IT'S
THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR.
I KNOW THAT THE COMMISSION WILL
DEFINITELY BE PLANNING ON SOME
PROJECT THINGS GETTING DONE.
SO IF YOU ALL NEED ANY HELP OR
ASSISTANCE, FEEL FREE TO EMAIL
ME OR CALL THE OFFICE LINE.
I'M HAPPY TO ASSIST AND HELP ON
ANYTHING IF YOU ARE HAVING ANY
TROUBLES RECEIVING ANY EMAILS
OR YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION HAS
BEEN UPDATED, PLEASE PROVIDE ME
THOSE DETAILS.
SO IF YOU'VE GOT A NEW EMAIL OR
A NEW PHONE NUMBER EVEN IF IT'S
A HOME PHONE, PLEASE PROVIDE
THOSE DETAILS TO ME SO WE CAN
MAKE SURE THAT EVERYBODY IS IN
THE LOOP AND I THINK THAT'S ALL
I HAVE.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH, KENNEDY.
I DO APPRECIATE.
NEXT WE HAVE THE CITY COUNCIL
UPDATE WITH COUNCIL MEMBER AZIA
GARTSIDE, ONE COUNCIL MEMBER.
HI EVERYONE.
I YOU KNOW, REALLY TRYING TO
I'M ACTUALLY LOOKING THROUGH MY
EMAIL TO THINK ABOUT THE
UPDATES THAT I HAVE FOR ALL
OF YOU.
>> THERE'S BEEN A LOT GOING ON.
I GUESS ONE OF THEM IS, YOU
KNOW, CONTINUED EFFORTS ON
THINKING ABOUT A SIDEWALK SNOW
REMOVAL AND HOW IT CAN BE DONE
TO INCLUDE PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES OR PEOPLE WHO HAVE
OTHER OBSTACLES WHO ARE UNABLE
TO CLEAR YOUR MEETING WITH THEN
ANOTHER IT WOULD BE THE HOUSING
LIST DATABASE THAT I SPOKE TO
YOU ALL ABOUT A WHILE AGO AND
IT'S INITIATIVE TO CREATE A
CITY WEBSITE.
SO WOULD BE A TWO GUBJRG THAT
IS A DATABASE A SEARCHABLE
DATABASE OF ALL RENTAL
PROPERTIES IN THE CITY AND ONE
OF THE FEATURES OR I GUESS
VARIABLES THAT A USER CAN BRING
UP WOULD BE ACCESSIBILITY
FEATURES AS WELL AS INCOME AND
FAMILY SIZE.
SO THAT IS MOVING FORWARD WITH
THE CITY.
THE OTHER VENDOR WITH THE CITY
OF DETROIT AND WAS INFORMED BY
THE THIS SO HOWEVER OBVIOUSLY
NEEDS TO BE APPROVED BY
COUNCIL.
I DO PLAN TO BRING A RESOLUTION
AROUND THAT AND JUST KIND
OF HIGHLIGHT THE ACCESSIBILITY
AS ONE OF THE THINGS THAT THIS
WILL HELP TO IMPROVE.
ALSO I HOPE TO SHARE SOME
INFORMATION WITH THE RENTERS
COMMISSION BUT THE THE WHOLE
INITIATIVE IS GOING TO BE
DISCUSSED AT THE FIRST WORK
SESSION OF THE COUNCIL IN
FEBRUARY.
SO THE VENDOR WILL COME IN
DURING THAT WORKING WILL
PRESENT ON IT.
SO I HOPE THAT WILL ALSO BE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO CLARIFY SOME
INFORMATION AND THEN I CAN MEET
WITH RENTERS AND ALSO BEGAN
TALKING TO ALL OF YOU ABOUT
COLLABORATING ON A RESOLUTION
TO REALLY AFFIRM WHY
ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS TO BE PART
OF THIS.
LET ME JUST STOP THERE.
I'M ALREADY OUT OF DOES ANYONE
HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THAT
OR WHAT'S GOING ON THERE?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
AND HONESTLY I JUST HAVE A
COMMENT.
NO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
BRINGING UP THE SNOW REMOVAL
FOR THOSE WITH DISABILITIES IN
OUR COMMUNITY VERY, VERY
IMPORTANT ISSUE.
BUT THEN ALSO YES, I THINK THE
HOUSING ASPECT TO THE CITY
WEBSITE WITH ACCESSIBILITY
FEATURES IS VERY IMPORTANT IN
MY OPINION.
AND SO YES, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
PLEASE KEEP US ABREAST ON
COURSE AND HOW GOES FORWARD I
WOULD PERSONALLY LOVE TO KNOW
MORE ABOUT THAT AS THAT
CONTINUES TO DEVELOP AND I LIKE
TO BE CLEAR, YOU KNOW THE
CONTRACT WITH THE VENDOR HASN'T
BEEN SIGNED YET.
IT IS SOMETHING HAS TO BE
APPROVED BY COUNCIL BUT IF YOU
BOTH HAVE AN INPUT VARIABLES OR
WHAT INFORMATION WILL PRESENT,
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME.
I THINK THAT WOULD BE REALLY
GREAT.
I SEE ROSALITA HAS HER HAND UP
.
YEAH, I THOUGHT I'D BE POLITE
THIS TIME.
OH YOU'RE SIDE WITH FIVE ABOUT
THE SNOW REMOVAL PROGRAM.
IS THAT THE SAME THING AS THIS
WAS A SNOW MATCH AND IF SO DO
YOU HISTORICALLY LIKE HOW MANY
PEOPLE HAVE MADE THE REQUEST
FOR ASSISTANCE DENHA THAT'S A
GREAT QUESTION.
SO NO, THIS WOULD BE SEPARATE
FROM SNOW MATCH.
THIS WOULD BE THIS IS AGAIN
SOMETHING THAT I'M CONSIDERING
NOT CONSIDERING I WANT TO WORK
ON BUT I'LL HAVE TO DO SOME
WORK WITH CITY STAFF AND AND
SEE BUDGET ALLOCATION AND
WHATNOT.
BUT US PUTTING SEPARATE MONEY
DOWN EITHER BY CONTRACTING WITH
A SERVICE TO SPECIFICALLY HELP
INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE
EXPERIENCING SOME OBSTACLES AND
TO BE UP FRONT I I THINK THAT
SO MUCH HAS ALWAYS HAD A LOT
OF PEOPLE DEMANDING SERVICES.
I MEAN THAT MAY CHANGE IF
PEOPLE FIND OUT THAT THERE'S
SOMETHING THAT COULD HELP THEM
RIGHT.
ON AN ONGOING BASIS SO I GUESS
THAT'S MY ANSWER FOR THAT.
OH, I THINK CATHOLIC SOCIAL
SERVICES HAS A PROGRAM THAT'S
GREAT TO KNOW.
>> IT'S IT MAY ALL BE FOR
SENIORS AT THIS POINT BECAUSE
WHERE THE FUNDING RIGHT.
YEAH.
IS IT I FEEL LIKE THEY DO IT
IT'S INTERESTING TO THINK ABOUT
YEAH.
HOW THIS PROCESS WOULD WORK.
IT'S INTERESTING TO THINK ABOUT
I THAT'S REALLY GREAT AND I
HOW THIS PROCESS WOULD WORK.
THINK THAT'S SOMETHING THAT
I THAT'S REALLY GREAT AND I
I'LL TRY TO PROMOTE ON SOCIAL
THINK THAT'S SOMETHING THAT
MEDIA AND WE SHOULD ALL TRY TO
I'LL TRY TO PROMOTE ON SOCIAL
PROMOTE IN TERMS OF THE CITY
MEDIA AND WE SHOULD ALL TRY TO
MAKING A FORMAL PARTNERSHIP
PROMOTE IN TERMS OF THE CITY
WITH LIKE AN ORGANIZATION OR
MAKING A FORMAL PARTNERSHIP
NONPROFIT.
WITH LIKE AN ORGANIZATION OR
I'M WONDERING IF THEY HAVE TO
NONPROFIT.
RELEASE AN RFP.
I'M WONDERING IF THEY HAVE TO
BUT BOTTOM LINE FIRST I HAVE TO
RELEASE AN RFP.
SEE IF STAFF BELIEVES THAT WE
BUT BOTTOM LINE FIRST I HAVE TO
HAVE THE RESOURCES AND THEN
SEE IF STAFF BELIEVES THAT WE
I'LL KEEP YOU UPDATED AS I WORK
HAVE THE RESOURCES AND THEN
ON THAT.
I'LL KEEP YOU UPDATED AS I WORK
PART OF MY THINKING WAS THEY
ON THAT.
MAY KNOW IF THE CITY ISN'T
PART OF MY THINKING WAS THEY
GETTING MANY REQUESTS ALL THE
MAY KNOW IF THE CITY ISN'T
PEOPLE ARE GETTING SERVICED
GETTING MANY REQUESTS ALL THE
THROUGH THE NONPROFIT AND IT
PEOPLE ARE GETTING SERVICED
COULD BE THAT THERE THAT ONE OR
THROUGH THE NONPROFIT AND IT
A DIFFERENT ONE AND IT COULD BE
COULD BE THAT THERE THAT ONE OR
THAT THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE
A DIFFERENT ONE AND IT COULD BE
WHO ARE IN NEED OF SERVICES.
THAT THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE
THAT'S A GOOD POINT FOR GOOD
WHO ARE IN NEED OF SERVICES.
FOR DATA GATHERING PURPOSES.
THAT'S A GOOD POINT FOR GOOD
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
FOR DATA GATHERING PURPOSES.
RIGHT.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
FOR THE DATA GATHERING.
RIGHT.
YEAH, THAT'S ACTUALLY A REALLY
FOR THE DATA GATHERING.
GOOD POINT.
YEAH, THAT'S ACTUALLY A REALLY
I WILL MAKE A NOTE OF THAT MAKE
GOOD POINT.
OUT OF THAT FOR MYSELF TO BRING
I WILL MAKE A NOTE OF THAT MAKE
THAT UM AND THEN I HAD SO THANK
OUT OF THAT FOR MYSELF TO BRING
YOU FOR THAT ROSARITA OH AND
THAT UM AND THEN I HAD SO THANK
THEN SPEAKING OF ROSALITA
YOU FOR THAT ROSARITA OH AND
ROSALINA ALSO I DID SEE YOUR
THEN SPEAKING OF ROSALITA
EMAIL ABOUT WARM CENTERS AND
ROSALINA ALSO I DID SEE YOUR
WHETHER WE PROVIDE
EMAIL ABOUT WARM CENTERS AND
TRANSPORTATION OR WARMING
WHETHER WE PROVIDE
CENTERS OR THE CITY PARTNERS
TRANSPORTATION OR WARMING
WITH LIKE AN UBER.
CENTERS OR THE CITY PARTNERS
I THINK THAT'S A SUPER
WITH LIKE AN UBER.
IMPORTANT ISSUE.
I THINK THAT'S A SUPER
DO YOU WANT TO BRIEFLY TOUCH ON
IMPORTANT ISSUE.
WHAT YOU EMAILED ME?
DO YOU WANT TO BRIEFLY TOUCH ON
WELL, FERMENTERS WE WERE HAVING
WHAT YOU EMAILED ME?
YOUR TENANT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
WELL, FERMENTERS WE WERE HAVING
MEETING AND ONE OF OUR MEMBERS
YOUR TENANT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
IS A SENIOR AND SHE WAS
MEETING AND ONE OF OUR MEMBERS
BRINGING UP HOW IN THE PAST
IS A SENIOR AND SHE WAS
WHEN SOME OF THEM WHO ARE
BRINGING UP HOW IN THE PAST
SENIORS OR RENTERS HAVE OR
WHEN SOME OF THEM WHO ARE
HOMEOWNERS, THEY'VE LOST THEIR
SENIORS OR RENTERS HAVE OR
ELECTRICITY.
HOMEOWNERS, THEY'VE LOST THEIR
THEY HAVEN'T THEY DIDN'T HAVE
ELECTRICITY.
THE TRANSPORTATION TO GET TO
THEY HAVEN'T THEY DIDN'T HAVE
THE WARMING CENTERS THAT WERE
THE TRANSPORTATION TO GET TO
SET UP AND THAT YOU KNOW, THE
THE WARMING CENTERS THAT WERE
APARTMENTS ARE HOMES THAT
SET UP AND THAT YOU KNOW, THE
YOU'RE RENTING.
APARTMENTS ARE HOMES THAT
LANDLORDS ARE NOT REQUIRED TO
YOU'RE RENTING.
PROVIDE LIKE BACKUP GENERATORS
LANDLORDS ARE NOT REQUIRED TO
EVEN IF THE PERSON IS A MEDICAL
PROVIDE LIKE BACKUP GENERATORS
NEED FOR IT.
EVEN IF THE PERSON IS A MEDICAL
WELL, YEAH.
NEED FOR IT.
WELCOME TO THE HOW THE LAWS
WELL, YEAH.
EXCLUDE PEOPLE WITH
WELCOME TO THE HOW THE LAWS
DISABILITIES.
EXCLUDE PEOPLE WITH
>> RIGHT, EXACTLY.
DISABILITIES.
AND STUFF SO BUT WHAT'S
>> RIGHT, EXACTLY.
HAPPENED THOUGH IS YOU DON'T
AND STUFF SO BUT WHAT'S
HAVE TRANSPORTATION.
HAPPENED THOUGH IS YOU DON'T
THEY GET TO A WARMINGS CENTER
HAVE TRANSPORTATION.
THEN YOU FREEZE.
THEY GET TO A WARMINGS CENTER
YOU MAY NOT BUY BUT YOU'RE
THEN YOU FREEZE.
STUCK IN A VERY COLD HOLE OR
YOU MAY NOT BUY BUT YOU'RE
VERY OLD APARTMENT BECAUSE EVEN
STUCK IN A VERY COLD HOLE OR
IF IT'S ONE THAT HAD A BOILER
VERY OLD APARTMENT BECAUSE EVEN
THE ELECTRICITY GOES OUT THEN
IF IT'S ONE THAT HAD A BOILER
SOMETIMES THE THEY'VE SWITCHED
THE ELECTRICITY GOES OUT THEN
OVER THEN IT'S A WHOLE THING
SOMETIMES THE THEY'VE SWITCHED
NOW AND SO YOU YOU YOU CAN'T
OVER THEN IT'S A WHOLE THING
NECESSARILY WE DON'T HAVE CALL
NOW AND SO YOU YOU YOU CAN'T
OUR ON DEMAND A RIGHT SERVICES
NECESSARILY WE DON'T HAVE CALL
WHICH IS UNDERSTANDABLE GIVEN
OUR ON DEMAND A RIGHT SERVICES
ALL THAT'S GONE BUT WE STILL
WHICH IS UNDERSTANDABLE GIVEN
PEOPLE STILL NEED A WAY TO GET
ALL THAT'S GONE BUT WE STILL
TO A WARMING CENTER OR IN THE
PEOPLE STILL NEED A WAY TO GET
SUMMER GET TO A COOLING CENTER
TO A WARMING CENTER OR IN THE
.
SUMMER GET TO A COOLING CENTER
>> RIGHT.
.
RIGHT.
>> RIGHT.
VERY IMPORTANT POINT.
RIGHT.
REMEMBER DURING THAT MASSIVE
VERY IMPORTANT POINT.
ICE STORM TWO YEARS AGO NOW
REMEMBER DURING THAT MASSIVE
THERE WAS SOMEONE IN MY WARD
ICE STORM TWO YEARS AGO NOW
WHO WAS AN OLDER ADULTS IN
THERE WAS SOMEONE IN MY WARD
THEIR HOME.
WHO WAS AN OLDER ADULTS IN
I THINK IT WAS LIKE IT WAS IT
THEIR HOME.
WAS A WHILE AND I THINK A LOT
I THINK IT WAS LIKE IT WAS IT
OF PEOPLE IN THOSE SITUATIONS
WAS A WHILE AND I THINK A LOT
YOU IF THEY HAVE A CONTACT AND
OF PEOPLE IN THOSE SITUATIONS
IF THERE'S THE ABILITY CALL THE
YOU IF THEY HAVE A CONTACT AND
POLICE.
IF THERE'S THE ABILITY CALL THE
BUT THAT'S NOT ALWAYS THAT
POLICE.
DOESN'T ALWAYS SOLVE THE
BUT THAT'S NOT ALWAYS THAT
PROBLEM.
DOESN'T ALWAYS SOLVE THE
I THINK HAVING LIKE A
PROBLEM.
TRANSPORTATION SERVICE IS A
I THINK HAVING LIKE A
REALLY GOOD IDEA.
TRANSPORTATION SERVICE IS A
I WILL I'LL TALK ABOUT THAT
REALLY GOOD IDEA.
WITH A STAFF MEMBER AND FIND
I WILL I'LL TALK ABOUT THAT
OUT MORE.
WITH A STAFF MEMBER AND FIND
BUT THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THAT
OUT MORE.
UP BECAUSE I JUST KNOW
BUT THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THAT
SOMETIMES DEPENDING ON THE
UP BECAUSE I JUST KNOW
SITUATION THE LIFT FOUNDATION
SOMETIMES DEPENDING ON THE
OR FOUNDATION, THEY PARTNER
SITUATION THE LIFT FOUNDATION
WITH CITIES WITH A CONTRACT TO
OR FOUNDATION, THEY PARTNER
BE ABLE TO PROVIDE DISCOUNTED
WITH CITIES WITH A CONTRACT TO
SERVICES SO PEOPLE CAN GET TO
BE ABLE TO PROVIDE DISCOUNTED
THOSE PLACES WHEN THERE IS AN
SERVICES SO PEOPLE CAN GET TO
EMERGENCY LIKE WAIT RIGHT BRAIN
THOSE PLACES WHEN THERE IS AN
AND THEN COMMUNICATING WITH
EMERGENCY LIKE WAIT RIGHT BRAIN
CITY RESIDENTS LIKE THE
AND THEN COMMUNICATING WITH
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS OR PLANS
CITY RESIDENTS LIKE THE
AND HOW IT IS INCLUSIVE
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS OR PLANS
OF PEOPLE.
AND HOW IT IS INCLUSIVE
DISABILITIES ARE SO IMPORTANT
OF PEOPLE.
FOR OUR SURVIVAL.
DISABILITIES ARE SO IMPORTANT
SO THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THAT
FOR OUR SURVIVAL.
UP.
SO THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THAT
I'M GOING TO LOOK INTO THAT
UP.
ISSUE OF EMERGENCY
I'M GOING TO LOOK INTO THAT
PREPAREDNESS, PLANNING AND
ISSUE OF EMERGENCY
COMMUNICATION IN REGARDS TO
PREPAREDNESS, PLANNING AND
INCLUDING PEOPLE WITH
COMMUNICATION IN REGARDS TO
DISABILITIES AND THIS IS
INCLUDING PEOPLE WITH
SOMEONE WHO I'VE HAD TO HELP
DISABILITIES AND THIS IS
EVACUATE WITH DISABILITIES HERE
SOMEONE WHO I'VE HAD TO HELP
AND WHEN I LIVED IN CALIFORNIA
EVACUATE WITH DISABILITIES HERE
IT'S IT'S A PROCESS AND YOU DO
AND WHEN I LIVED IN CALIFORNIA
NEED TO HAVE THAT THAT PLANNING
IT'S IT'S A PROCESS AND YOU DO
AND HAVE IT BE ADVERTISED FOR
NEED TO HAVE THAT THAT PLANNING
PEOPLE TO KNOW WHERE TO GO.
AND HAVE IT BE ADVERTISED FOR
RIGHT.
PEOPLE TO KNOW WHERE TO GO.
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT.
RIGHT.
SO I WILL FOLLOW UP ON THOSE
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT.
TWO THINGS.
SO I WILL FOLLOW UP ON THOSE
>> I WILL I WILL REPORT BACK TO
TWO THINGS.
ALL OF YOU.
>> I WILL I WILL REPORT BACK TO
THANK YOU.
ALL OF YOU.
COUNCIL MEMBER YASHIRO ZACH.
THANK YOU.
YES, HI.
COUNCIL MEMBER YASHIRO ZACH.
I DON'T KNOW A LOT ABOUT IT BUT
YES, HI.
THERE IS ANOTHER TRANSPORTATION
I DON'T KNOW A LOT ABOUT IT BUT
ASSISTANCE HUB IN WASHTENAW
THERE IS ANOTHER TRANSPORTATION
COUNTY CALLED PHENIX MOBILITY.
ASSISTANCE HUB IN WASHTENAW
I DON'T KNOW A LOT ABOUT THEM.
COUNTY CALLED PHENIX MOBILITY.
ALEX MAY KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS
I DON'T KNOW A LOT ABOUT THEM.
THAN I DO BUT I'M WONDERING IF
ALEX MAY KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS
THAT MAY ALSO BE SOMETHING TO
THAN I DO BUT I'M WONDERING IF
CONSIDER AS WE'RE LOOKING AT
THAT MAY ALSO BE SOMETHING TO
RESOURCES AND PHENIX FPO AND I
CONSIDER AS WE'RE LOOKING AT
EX OFFICIO AND I BALLOCKS TO
RESOURCES AND PHENIX FPO AND I
YOU KNOW OF OF THEM.
EX OFFICIO AND I BALLOCKS TO
YEAH, THIS IS SO THEY ARE A
YOU KNOW OF OF THEM.
HUB.
YEAH, THIS IS SO THEY ARE A
THEY DO TRY TO HAVE DIFFERENT
HUB.
OPTIONS OF A DIFFERENT
THEY DO TRY TO HAVE DIFFERENT
RESOURCES THAT THEY CAN SHARE
OPTIONS OF A DIFFERENT
WITH PEOPLE BUT THAT DOESN'T
RESOURCES THAT THEY CAN SHARE
NECESSARILY MEAN THAT IT'S
WITH PEOPLE BUT THAT DOESN'T
GOING TO BE FOR LOW INCOME
NECESSARILY MEAN THAT IT'S
RIDERS THOSE KINDS OF THINGS
GOING TO BE FOR LOW INCOME
AND SO THERE DEFINITELY CAN BE
RIDERS THOSE KINDS OF THINGS
EXPENSES ATTACHED TO IT.
AND SO THERE DEFINITELY CAN BE
BUT IT'S A IT IS ANOTHER OPTION
EXPENSES ATTACHED TO IT.
TO LOOK INTO AT LEAST.
BUT IT'S A IT IS ANOTHER OPTION
RIGHT.
TO LOOK INTO AT LEAST.
THEY DON'T PROVIDE ANY OF THEIR
RIGHT.
OWN TRANSPORTATION.
THEY DON'T PROVIDE ANY OF THEIR
THEY JUST CONNECT YOU WITH
OWN TRANSPORTATION.
OTHER FOLKS IN OUR COMMUNITY
THEY JUST CONNECT YOU WITH
WHETHER IT'S RELATED TO
OTHER FOLKS IN OUR COMMUNITY
MEDICAID, TRANSPORTATION,
WHETHER IT'S RELATED TO
DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENTS, THOSE
MEDICAID, TRANSPORTATION,
KINDS OF THINGS.
DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENTS, THOSE
BUT THEY HAVE GOTTEN GRANTS
KINDS OF THINGS.
OVER THE YEARS TO
ASSIST WITH
TRANSPORTATION FOR SPECIFIC UM
SPECIFIC NEEDS LIKE LIKE
VACCINATIONS IN THE PAST.
SO SOMETHING LIKE FOR WARMING
CENTERS MIGHT BE ANOTHER OPTION
TO LOOK INTO WITH THEM.
>> YEAH, IT'S JUST A REMINDER
WE HAVE BECAUSE IT'S ANN ARBOR
WE DO HAVE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO
ARE SENIORS OR HAVE A
DISABILITY WHO DON'T
NECESSARILY WHAT IS IT MEET
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR
MEDICAID BUT TAKING A LIFT FROM
ONE END OF TOWN TO THE OTHER,
ESPECIALLY DURING A HIGH LIKE A
HIGH FREQUENCY TIME OR IN AN
EMERGENCY SOMETIMES WILL GO AND
MAKE IT SO THAT YOU'RE GOING TO
SPEND LIKE THIRTY SEVEN DOLLARS
AND SO JUST KIND OF THINKING
ABOUT IT IN TERMS OF HOW ANN
ARBOR SUBSIDIZES THINGS FOR
PEOPLE AND HOW WE COUNT THE
POVERTY LEVEL WITHIN THE CITY
VERSUS HOW STATE MEDICAID IS
COUNTING IT MIGHT BE SOMETHING
TO LOOK AT FOR DISCOUNTS.
WE ARE THAT'S A GREAT IDEA IS I
AGREE WITH YOU.
I'M JUST TAKING SOME NO, I'LL
KEEP YOU UPDATED AND ROSY IF
YOU DON'T MIND, I THINK I'LL
SURVIVE LOOP YOU IN THOSE
CONVERSATIONS WITH STAFF.
THANKS.
OK, THANKS SO MUCH SO JUST I
ALMOST FORGOT ONE LAST THING.
SO I THINK THAT IN THIS
COMMISSION YOU BROUGHT UP
NEEDING A MAP OF DEBATE.
DID WE TALK ABOUT THIS AT THE
LAST MEETING AND FEEL FREE TO
INTERRUPT ME IF WE DID BUT A
MAP OF DOWNTOWN WHERE BENCHES
ARE LOCATED.
YES, I DID SEND OUT THAT
INFORMATION SO MEMBERS SO THAT
INFORMATION HAS BEEN RELAYED TO
THE COMMISSION BUT SO YEAH,
HOPEFULLY EVERYONE RECEIVED
THAT INFORMATION.
IF YOU NEED ME TO RESEND PLEASE
DO AND I CAN DO THAT.
>> OK, OK SOUNDS GREAT THANKS.
>> THAT'S IT FOR ME ALL RIGHT
THANK YOU SO MUCH AND THANK YOU
ROSARITA AND ALL COMMISSIONERS'
FOR YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS.
THANK YOU.
NEXT WE MOVE ON TO THE CHAIR
REPORT.
THE ONLY BIG THING THAT I HAVE
RIGHT NOW FOR ALL OF US IS
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDARS FOR
FEBRUARY 16TH THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND
FITNESS PROGRAM IS HOSTING THE
FIRST EVER IN HISTORY AT HOME
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL GAME
AGAINST MICHIGAN STATE AT
CHRYSLER CENTER.
I WILL BE RESENDING INFORMATION
OUT TO THE COMMISSION WITH THE
REGISTRATION LINK AS WHEN I'D
GOTTEN THE INFORMATION PRIOR TO
TICKETING AND THE REST OF THE
PROMO INFORMATION WAS BEING
DRAFTED.
SO I WILL RESEND THAT OUT TO
EVERYONE BUT I REALLY HOPE THAT
WE CAN COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE
AMAZING BLUE IN TERMS OF OUR
ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND OUR
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL TEAM AND
I'M VERY EXCITED YOU GUYS.
THIS IS HISTORY IN THE MAKING.
I AM VERY PROUD OF HOW FAR THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE
SPORTS PROGRAM HAS COME IN THE
LAST NOW SIX YEARS AND
HOPEFULLY WE CAN ALL MAKE IT
OUT ATTENDANCE IS FREE BY THE
WAY, BUT SPACE IS LIMITED SO
HOPEFULLY WE CAN ALL HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO ATTEND.
THANK
IS PARK AND GOING TO BE
FREE THAT DAY.
>> GOOD QUESTION.
I CAN ASK BUT ALL OF YOU KNOW
PROBABLY AFTER I MEET WITH SOME
INDIVIDUALS I CAN LET YOU GUYS
KNOW BY FRIDAY OK GREAT THINGS
ABSOLUTELY GREAT QUESTION
THOUGH.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON TO OLD
BUSINESS.
>> ANY OLD BUSINESS TODAY FOLKS
CURRENTLY ON OUR AGENDA WE HAVE
NO OLD BUSINESS.
>> THANK YOU.
MOVING ON TO NEW BUSINESS.
WE DO HAVE THE TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR
ELECTIONS THAT WILL BE TAKING
PLACE I THINK AT THE NOVEMBER
MEETING KENNEDY IS THAT
CORRECT?
>> THAT IS CORRECT, YES.
>> THIS NOVEMBER.
THANK YOU.
>> SO WHAT TO DO ABOUT THAT
LIKE SO EVERY NOVEMBER WHAT IS
WHEN THE TERM IS UP FOR CHAIR
AND VICE CHAIR?
SO THIS NOVEMBER IS WHEN THE
CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR OFFICE
POSITIONS WILL BE THE
COMMISSIONER.
GOOD GUY, LARRY.
I LOOKED AT THE CODE BYLAWS AND
IT SAID IT WAS DONE IN NOVEMBER
AND JULY BUT WE WANT TO CHANGE
IT.
SO WHAT ABOUT THE CHANGE WE
USED TO DO THE ELECTIONS IN
JULY BUT OF COURSE IF WE DIDN'T
IF WE DON'T MEET IN JULY WE DO
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
IT'S I MEAN AGAIN, IF YOU ALL
WOULD LIKE TO MOVE THE DATE I
MEAN I'M OPEN TO THAT.
OH, OK.
COMMISSIONER OZICK.
WELL, MY QUESTION IS AND I'M
GOING TO SOUND SILLY HERE I
DON'T REMEMBER VOTING IN
NOVEMBER.
THERE'S NO SO THIS PAST
NOVEMBER WE DID NOT VOTE.
IT'S THIS UPCOMING NOVEMBER
THAT YOU ALL WILL BE VOTING FOR
CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR.
SO IT'S EVERY TWO YEARS EVERY
TWO YEARS, NOT EVERY YEAR IT
GOES BY TERM LIMITS.
>> SO YEAH, SO THE TERMS HAVE
TO BE ENDING IN ORDER FOR THE
VOTES TO TAKE PLACE.
>> I JUST WANT A CORRECTION ON
THE TERM LIMITS WHEN SHE SAID
EVERY NOVEMBER EARLIER IN OUR
CONVERSATION IT CONFUSED ME A
LITTLE BIT AND I JUST I'M SORRY
ABOUT THAT.
>> I'LL CLARIFY.
YES.
SO THE OFFICER POSITIONS FOR
CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR ARE FOR
TEN YEARS SO THIS UPCOMING
NOVEMBER ELECTION FOR CHAIR AND
VICE CHAIR NEXT YEAR THERE WILL
NOT BE AN ELECTION.
>> DOES THAT TO COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ?
YES, THAT ABSOLUTELY ANSWERED
MY QUESTION.
>> THANK YOU.
NO PROBLEM.
YES, LARRY, I'D LIKE TO CLARIFY
SOME THINGS THAT ARE BAD.
WHAT WAS HAVING TAKEN INTO
ACCOUNT AS OF LATE?
THE PRACTICE WAS AND I DON'T
KNOW WHERE IT STOPPED BEING AND
I THINK COVID STARTED NOT BEING
THIS WAY BUT WE DO IT EVERY TWO
YEARS, HAVE AN ELECTION AND I
THINK THE I THINK THE WAY IT
WORKED WAS THAT SOMEBODY COULD
BE VOTED IN FOR A SECOND TERM
AS CHAIR OR VICE CHAIR THAT
THEN THEY HAD TO GIVE IT UP THE
THIRD TERM I WE LOOK AT THE
BYLAWS FOR THAT BUT THERE WAS
EVERY IN OTHER WORDS, NO ONE
SILLY THING IS CORRECT.
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
SO EVERY TWO YEARS AND THEN YOU
CAN'T DO A THIRD TERM IF WE
HAVE THE I CAN'T REMEMBER HOW I
ON A VICE HERE BUT A COUPLE
OF YEARS ANYWAY AND ZACHMAN HAD
TO STEP DOWN AS VICE CHAIR FOR
A MINUTE OR SOMETHING AND THEN
YOU CAN GO BACK TO DECIDE JUST
TO VOTE FOR ZACK FOR AGAIN.
BUT THAT'S WHAT OUR BYLAWS SAY
.
SO THAT'S JUST SOMETHING TO
KEEP IN IN MIND THAT THE ZACK
AND I ARE PROBABLY KIND
OF VULNERABLE.
>> WE SWITCHED POSITIONS I
GUESS, BUT WE CAN ALL ALSO HAVE
NEW PEOPLE UP THERE.
WELL, LARRY, THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR BRINGING THIS UP.
YOU KNOW, WE CAN TALK ABOUT
MORE AND GET CLARITY ON THIS
PARTICULAR ISSUE OFFLINE AND
THEN WE CAN COMMUNICATE MORE
THE SPECIFICS TO THE COMMISSION
ONCE WE HAVE SOLIDIFIED THAT TO
MY KNOWLEDGE I BELIEVE I AM
GOOD UNTIL TWENTY TWENTY SEVEN
PER RECORD BUT I'LL ALL CLARIFY
THAT AND MAKE SURE BUT
OF COURSE YOU WILL CLARIFY THAT
PRIOR TO THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS
AND GO FROM THERE IT'S MY
UNDERSTANDING IT WASN'T ON THAT
BUT ANYWAY YEAH YOUR YOUR
CORRECT WILL BRING IT FURTHER.
>> GREAT THANK YOU LARRY.
WE MAKE SURE WE DO IT RIGHT
THAT'S ALL.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE.
YEAH BECAUSE I HAD THREE
DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT THAT OUR
LAST MEETING IN DECEMBER AND
MR. DID WE HAVE TO BE APPROVED
BYLAWS AND EVERYTHING THEN OR
IS THAT AND WE DO THE SAME
MEETING LIKE EVERY COUPLE
OF YEARS WHEN WE DO VOTE IN THE
NEW WHAT IS A CHAIR AND VICE
CHAIR?
YOU SAY FOR EVERY TWO YEARS WE
WAS COVERED IN STUFF.
WE SKIPPED THAT SEGMENT IN
THEORY IT'S EVERY OTHER YEAR
AND SO YEAH, THE BOTTOM OF THE
WAY IS THAT THE BYLAWS AT LEAST
IN PREVIOUS HAD HERE SINCE 2011
IS THAT SOME CHANGES?
WE THOUGHT THERE WERE SOME
CHANGES THAT NEEDED TO BE
IF
THEY NEEDED TO BE AT THE BAR
THAT NEEDED TO BE AMENDED, WE'D
WORK ON THE AMENDMENT AND THEN
WE WE AMENDED TO ADD OR CHANGE
THE WORDING OF THE BYLAWS AND
THEY HAVEN'T COME UP RECENTLY.
>> IS THAT CORRECT THAT AS FAR
AS YOU REMEMBER?
YEAH, AS FAR AS I REMEMBER
YEAH.
THERE HASN'T REALLY COME UP I
DON'T THINK THERE'S BEEN A NEED
TO AMEND ANY BYLAWS RECENTLY
BUT IF THERE'S A NEED TO DO SO
AND REVISE OUR BYLAWS, I'M I'M
HAPPY TO VISIT THAT AND PUT IT
ON THE AGENDA.
>> I THINK WE DID SOMETHING
LIKE TEN YEARS AGO THIS WAS
YET
THIS WASN'T A SUGGESTION FOR
THAT.
OH, IT'S JUST ON A DIFFERENT
COMMISSION.
WE HAVE TO REVIEW THEM EVERY
YEAR SO I JUST WASN'T SURE
ABOUT IT FOR THIS ONE.
WE HAD TO VOTE ON IT EVERY YEAR
EVEN IF THERE WAS NO CHANGES.
SO THAT'S WHY I WAS ASKING NO
THANK YOU.
I MEAN WE DON'T NEED TO, YOU
KNOW, REVIEW THE BYLAWS EVERY
YEAR AND YOU KNOW, THE ONLY
THING AS FAR AS I KNOW THAT'S
GOING TO CHANGE IN NOVEMBER IS
POSSIBLY CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR.
YOU THERE'S THERE'S NOT MUCH
ELSE YOU KNOW GOING ON AT THAT
POINT.
I MEAN, AGAIN, MY TERM IS UNTIL
TWENTY TWENTY SEVEN BUT MY
POSITION IS UP FOR REELECTION
IN NOVEMBER.
SO JUST WANTED TO CLARIFY BUT I
HOPE THAT THAT GIVES SOME
CLARITY ALL THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
>> JUST ONE MORE THING I'VE GOT
TO SAY ANYBODY WHO WHO FEELS
LIKE THEY I WOULD SUGGEST THAT
ANYBODY FEEL LIKE THEY WANT TO
TAKE OVER WHAT'S
WELL-POSITIONED WE GOT PLENTY
OF TIME YET BUT ANYONE WHO
WANTS TO CONSIDER RUNNING FOR
ONE OF THEM POSITIONS DON'T BE
SHY.
>> TAKE YOUR TIME AND PUT
YOURSELF ON THE BALLOT.
>> YOU WANT.
>> YEAH.
AND PLEASE THAT PROCESS
TYPICALLY REVOLVES AROUND YOU
KNOW, IF YOU ARE INTERESTED
BASICALLY SENDING YOUR NAME TO
MYSELF AND KENNEDY SO THAT WE
CAN THEN UNDERSTAND YOUR
INTERESTS FOR YOU.
THE VICE CHAIR OR CHAIR.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANYTHING ELSE ON THAT VOTE
?
OK, MOVING ON.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE PUBLIC
ENGAGEMENT SO REALLY QUICK.
I JUST WANTED TO LET EVERYBODY
KNOW THAT I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
ABOUT OUR SOCIAL MEDIA AND
PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT.
I DO PLAN ON REACHING OUT TO
THE PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE
AND LOOPING IN SOME OTHER
COMMISSIONERS ABOUT GETTING THE
COMMISSION SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES
UP AND RUNNING.
SO I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN ABOUT
THAT.
YOU GUYS, I WOULD LIKE TO START
POSSIBLY WITH FACEBOOK AND
INSTAGRAM AND WE'LL GO FROM
THERE BUT THAT'S AS MUCH AS I
HAVE ON PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT
DISCUSSION AND I WILL FOLLOW UP
WITH THEC ENGAGEMENT
COMMITTEE AND THOSE THAT WE'RE
INTERESTED IN HELPING WITH THAT
MOMENTARILY.
I'D ALSO LIKE TO OPEN PUBLIC
ENGAGEMENT DISCUSSION TO
COMMISSIONER INKEN BAUER.
SAM, DID YOU HAVE ANY POINTS
FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT?
A NO, NOT PRESENTLY, NO.
I GUESS THE THIS IS IN
REFERENCE TO THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS SUBCOMMITTEE IDEA THING
THAT IF I CORRECT YES I WOULD
WAFFLERS.
YEAH.
YEAH I WAS JUST THINKING FOR
THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT I THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE KIND OF AND I ALSO
MENTIONED THIS WHEN I WAS
TALKING ABOUT HOW THERE WERE
THE BUSINESSES THAT HAD YOU
KNOW WHERE WE COULD PUT THE
COMMISSIONER OF DISABILITY
ISSUES KIND OF HAVE IT AS A
STOREFRONT IN THAT ONE
STOREFRONT BY THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
I GUESS THAT I WAS JUST
THINKING THAT THERE SHOULD BE
SOME SORT OF MECHANISM I KNOW
THERE'S A PUBLIC COMMENT FOR
THIS PARTICULAR MEETING BUT I
WAS THINKING IF THERE WAS IT
MIGHT BE DIFFICULT FOR PEOPLE
WHO ATTENDED THIS PARTICULAR
HOUR OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT AND
IT MIGHT BE INTERESTING TO HAVE
A MORE OPEN KIND
OF CONVERSATION WITH PEOPLE WHO
MIGHT HAVE DISABILITY ISSUES IN
THE COMMUNITY OR ACCESSIBILITY
ISSUES.
>> AND SO I WAS THINKING MAYBE
OF LIKE OFFICE HOURS OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
I HOLD OFFICE HOURS AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN FOR FOUR
OTHER DOCTORAL STUDENTS WHO
HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT AND I
THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE A GOOD WAY
TO SURFACE LOCAL ISSUES OR
CONCERNS THAT WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO HELP WITH.
SO I MEAN THE IDEA OF HAVING
LIKE AN INSTAGRAM OR SOMETHING
THAT MIGHT HAVE MIGHT LEAD TO A
GOOGLE FORM OR SOMETHING WHERE
PEOPLE CAN ANONYMOUSLY SUGGEST
SOMETHING MIGHT BE LIKE A WAY
OF OF ACCOMPLISHING THAT.
>> YEAH.
OR MAYBE MAYBE JUST TONIGHT
QUICK IDEA QUICK COMMENT AROUND
THAT.
YOU KNOW DOING A COFFEE WITH
COMMISSIONERS' YOU KNOW THING I
KNOW THAT NOT TO PIGGYBACK OFF
OF COUNCIL MEMBER BUT YOU KNOW
THEIR COFFEE HOURS HAVE BEEN
QUITE SUCCESSFUL AND I KNOW
THEY GET GOOD ENGAGEMENT WITH
THE COMMUNITY SO MAYBE WE, YOU
KNOW, SET UP SOMETHING SIMILAR
VERY LOW LIFT BUT HAVE THEM
COME VISIT AT THE CITY HALL
DURING THE SPRING OR SUMMER
WHERE WE OPEN IT UP TO A FEW
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES
OR WITHIN THE COMMUNITY TO COME
IN AND VOICE SOME THINGS.
BUT AGAIN, I'LL TALK THAT OVER
WITH ALL OF YOU AND ALSO THE
CITY AND SEE IF THEY'RE OPEN TO
LIKE A COFFEE WITH
COMMISSIONERS' TYPE OF THING.
BUT BUT GOOD POINT COMMISSIONER
AND THANK YOU.
>> OK, I'LL SEE WHAT I THINK A
GOOD PLACE TO FIGHT BACK.
I'LL FIGHT ALONGSIDE YOU DID
BUT I WAS THINKING MORE OF A
GREAT THING BUT WE CAN WE CAN
ONE OF THE THINGS WE WERE GOING
TO DISCUSS WITH THE PLAYER SO
WE CAN DO IS YOU CAN GET A HOLD
OF US AND WE CAN DISCUSS IT AND
BRING IT TO THE NEXT MEETING.
SURE, SURE.
WE CAN DEFINITELY PUT THAT ON
THE AGENDA FOR THE NEXT MEETING
AND CONTINUE TO KIND OF TALK
ABOUT THIS PROSPECT AND WHAT IT
CAN LOOK LIKE.
YOU KNOW, BUT I THINK THERE'S
THERE'S SOME POSITIVITY THERE
WHETHER IT'S A COFFEE WITH
COMMISSIONERS' OR WHETHER IT'S
A COMMISSIONER MEET AND GREET.
HOWEVER WE WANT TO DO IT
HOWEVER MANY OF US WE WANT TO
BE THERE TO ENGAGE WITH
INDIVIDUALS THAT ATTEND ALL
THAT WE CAN TALK ABOUT AT THE
NEXT MEETING.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I DON'T KNOW.
I KEEP MEETING MYSELF.
OK, SO NEXT I'D LIKE TO GO ON
TO COMMUNICATIONS.
>> DO WE HAVE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS THIS EVENING ALL
AT ONCE?
>> OK, AGAIN WE CONNECT THE
RACING COMMISSION MEET TONIGHT
AT SEVEN AND I DON'T HAVE THE
NUMBERS AVAILABLE BUT YOU CAN
LISTEN TO IT ALSO ON C10 AND
IT'S IT'S A PLEASURE MEETING SO
NOT BAD AT CITY OF CITY HALL.
>> YEAH, AND IT'S PROBABLY BOTH
WELL NOT MORE THAN THIRTY.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
APPRECIATE ANY OTHER
COMMUNICATIONS TODAY.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL IT IS NOW FOUR FIFTY EIGHT
GOING ON FOR FIFTY NINE.
>> IS THERE ANY MOTION TO
ADJOURN?
I WANTED ALL RIGHT.
>> IS THERE A SECOND I'LL
SECOND.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING THIS
EVENING AT FOUR FIFTY EIGHT PM
ON JUNE 15TH PLEASE MY MOOD AND
SAY HI.
>> HI, I'M ALL RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THIS MEETING TODAY DAVID I'M
SORRY I'M SORRY I SAID JUNE I'M
SORRY I MEANT JAN ZACH ZACH
WISHES IT WAS NICE AND WARM
LIKES YOU AND I AND I DON'T
BLAME IT FOR
WHAT I THINK IS
CLOSE TO ME IS SEE AND I DID
THAT THIS MORNING AND I AGREE
WITH THAT MAN I WISH I COULD
DRIVE TODAY FOR ABSOLUTELY NO
THANK YOU SO MUCH YOU GUYS.
>> I WANT TO THANK ALL OF MY
COMMISSIONERS FOR WORKING SO
HARD.
OUR COUNCIL LIAISON COUNSEL FOR
U OF M CONCERNS DISABILITY
NETWORK, THE LIBRARY EVERYONE
AND OF COURSE THE CITY OF ANN
ARBOR AND THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK.
>> THANK YOU EVERYONE AND WE'LL
SEE YOU NEXT MONTH